## Code and Data for Sections 2.3, and 5.2
This folder provides code and data used to conduct synthetic data analysis reported in online supplement S5.2. Specifically, the following files are included:
- DelayEstimation.m: This Matlab function generates the distribution of detection delay, discussed in the main text and section S2 of the online appendix.
- delaySolve2.m: This Matlab function solves for true infection data given infection measurements and a delay function.
- FindBestParameters051720.m: This Matlab script is used for conducting various sensitivity analyses reported in S5.2.2. It includes many additional tests that are not active in the baseline parameters but was used for additional sensitivity analyses not reported in the paper.
- RealDataTemp.mat: This Matlab database includes average temperature data from different locations, which are used in the synthetic analysis in section 5.2.
- testSynthetic2.m: This Matlab function is used to generate synthetic epidemics (documented in 5.2.1) and conduct regressions to estimate the temperature effects. It is used in "FindBestParametersFinal.m". 
Replication Instructions: To replicate the synthetic data analysis in section 5.2.2, you need to put the content of this folder in a folder on your computer, open the file " FindBestParametersFinal.m" in Matlab and change the variable "dirNm" to point to the directory where you have the files. Then run the script. You should get graphs reported in the section 5.2.2 plus the excel file including the statistics from estimation. Monte-Carlo simulations used to generate the detection delay function (Section S2) are done using the "DelayEstimation.m" function. The algorithm for estimating true infections from reported infections and a lag structure  (Section S3) is available in the "delaySolve2.m" function. 
